you're gonna have to hit
we're calling the meeting to order that
actually goes to Susan
can you hear me now yes
okay before we start I'm asking uh
unanimous consent from the board to
appoint Susan as temporary uh board
chair for this meeting due to my remote
location
I need unanimous consent from the board
all those in favor say aye aye
aye
okay the meeting's yours Susan
thank you
if we could all please stand for the
Pledge of Allegiance
Allegiance
thank you
again
I need a motion to approve the amended
agenda we had to add a bill and the milk
Cooperative piece
I'll make a motion to approve the
amended agenda with the additional bill
in The Cooperative agreement I have a
first from trustee Hall can I get a
second
I have a second from trustee Reinbold
can I get a vote on this all the yays
this passes
we're going to move on to the comments
from the audience
we have quite a few of them tonight
please understand we need to keep it to
minimum of two minutes no derogatory
comments
I'm sorry maximum
um
no derogatory comments uh no name
calling and let's um hear what people
have to say in a nice civil manner first
one up is going to be a lean
tayton did I say that correct
okay
all right
um
there's been a lot of outrage as
evidenced by this recall
the recall organization keeps saying
that it's really all about the kids
so if it's really all about the kids
where is the outrage at the poor
performance year after year of the
school district where is the outrage
over the lowest graduation rates and the
lowest icat scores in the region
where's the outrage when under prior
chairman Sandra Brower superintendent Al
senba and Selma
it's not a excuse me excuse me I'm sorry
it has to be related to the actual uh
special meeting agenda it
I'm going to talk about how
the high school
School item five percent of the state is
in the one and five percent of the state
and has been placed in Idaho's School
accountability system for
underperforming Schools starting in the
2022-23 school year and will remain
there for three years
and
where is the outrage when the school
district spends fifteen hundred dollars
more per student than Lake Ponderay
twenty five hundred dollars per year
more per student than boundary County
School District and four thousand
dollars more per student than the Idaho
average
if it's really all about the kids then
everybody would be working together to
address these problems and not focusing
on a recall of the very people who are
trying to address and fix these issues I
think that we need to look at the junior
high decision in the context of these
you know very high cost per student for
this school district and basically an
out of control budget
thank you
thank you next person up is Matt Nelson
hello my name is Matt Nelson I want to
say that I'm thankful to see that the
agenda item about the junior high is a
non-action item tonight I think it's a
good idea to table any idea for any
immediate action with the junior high at
this time
the facility in of itself is functional
there's no reason to not use it and
operate it as normal
should something go wrong with a boiler
or other plumbing or other electrical or
whatever just like this facility here it
would be dealt with at that at that time
we learned Monday night that by the end
of the month the district is to receive
somewhere south of 300K somewhere south
of 500k possibly from the state for
facilities I think that money could be
earmarked for the junior high repairs
whether that would cover all of the
repairs on the boiler or not I don't
know that there have been studies done
that the district has paid for that
assess all of that as well as other
issues with the junior high the high
school
the elementary schools all of the above
so let's take care of what needs taken
care of first and foremost top priority
first obviously move on down the list
from there my second uh wondering is
about the new special ed director if
that is in fact a remote position I
would question her ability to be
effective in that position if that is in
fact remote that's a rumor going around
aside from that is she Idaho State
Certified how long would it take for her
to be idle State Certified I don't
personally know what all goes into that
but I do know that if I was a parent
that had a special needs child I'd be a
bit concerned if in fact that's a remote
position and she's not Idaho certified
thank you
thank you next person up is Bill O'Neill
hearing mention of a boiler
I've heard recently that there is an
idea to replace a boiler
I don't know how you're going about it
but if you replace a boiler in the
junior high then you make it large
enough to carry the load in very colds
climate
when you reach the spring it's going to
be running very low
and that's going to damage the boiler
skin
it'll start rusting from the condensate
you might think of replacing with two
smaller units that in tandem will carry
the full load
when a boiler goes down to low fires
they're extremely inefficient
and I I would imagine if you're going to
replace this boiler it's going to have
to be
rgd Road grade diesel
that's
tax-free only
you'll be paying every every penny for
that diesel
that you would be paying for
except without the license or the tax
so that could be very expensive if fuel
of costs keep going way up
I don't know what else there is for it
but uh
and another thing
on these small boilers
the uh
controls
there's several different kinds of
controls you can get to them
there's
the type that oscillate and control the
the temperature is finer
that's easier on the boiler because it
never goes into a cool down situation
it'll save you money
thank you very much
next up is Sandy Brower
Sandy Brower for the record
I just want to say thank you to the
board and superintendent Durst for the
dialogue that we were able to have on
Monday and the fact that I feel like
um you guys took it off the agenda for
an action item I appreciate that very
much I appreciate being heard and have
an opportunity to be heard I would also
like to comment on public records I put
quite a few in I'm sure Brandy's not
happy about that but I would I would
like to request them to be fulfilled and
if there's any way I can help I'm happy
to come down to the district and take
copies myself
so I that's and then I'm also concerned
about
um the approval of the minute still
that's that's I'm going to say at every
meeting I'm I'm concerned with why the
minutes aren't being approved so they
can be put on on the website but again
thank you for Monday appreciate it thank
you for moving that agenda item
thank you
next up is Haley Scott
hi I'm Haley Scott for the record I
wanted to talk about two things tonight
first
um I read on the agenda last night that
Beth Pettit was resigning from her
position as a kindergarten teacher with
us and when I told my six-year-old who
just had her as a teacher she broke down
in tears so sad that Mrs Pettit is
leaving and she said what about this
year's kindergarteners so she was very
concerned with her so it just reminded
me that our teachers need to be
recognized so I want to take a second
just to tell all the teachers that are
with us and who have been with us and
can't do it any longer that we
appreciate you and that we love you very
very much and we're here to support
those who stay but we also love and
appreciate those who have moved on to
different things
um my second thing that I want to talk
about is the junior high
Monday's Monday Monday's meeting was
great I know that most or everybody
that's sitting at the table tonight had
a chance to listen to at least part of
that meeting and we appreciate your
attendance
um and your responses to us Mr Durst we
appreciate those as well
um with that in the Limelight of that or
in the aftermath of that meeting a
couple of friends and I one is going to
talk more about this tonight about some
grant opportunities and I want to stand
up and just nominate or not nominate
myself but volunteer myself to be on a
committee that pursues that or can be on
a grant writing committee and um I'm
free of charge so I'm more than happy to
do that and I know there's some other
people who are happy to do that as well
if that is something that you guys
pursue so thank you very much
thank you next up is Jack
Morales
Jack mprc for months now we've heard
claims and references about open board
meetings in Idaho code violations but
still we've never given the specific
code or the policy number being
referenced now either because the board
members are being told things or they're
looking into suspicious business
practices or more specifically because
the attic is underway the Board needs to
have some sort of a gag order in place
is this needed to keep any suspicious
bank accounts disclosed monies
undisclosed monies or any other
Financial inadequate inadequacies out of
the ears eyes of the public
I don't agree with any type of gag order
these are our public tax dollars being
played with I want transparency at every
step
stop trying to put walls up and placing
wedges between the board activities and
the public
another comment heard was that the board
the new board clerk is just like a Sim
is just like or similar to a court clerk
and the position requires the same
respect
was this statement meant for the
employee or for the public I'm a bit
confused as to the meaning and reasoning
behind the statement
nothing in their employment agreement
and I say there meaning previous or
current board clerk position mentions
any similarities correlations or kinda
likes to that of a court clerk is this
the way we now Implement new policy and
procedures we just say it and it's so
or is this meant to be something a
little bit more Sinister Are We Now
threatening new employees in public
about now being in a secret Club where
their confidentiality expectation goes
beyond that Jack sorry we got to keep it
to your what your comment was about the
new employee that
this is the the about the employee that
they're being told that
they have to be in a secret club now and
they're confidentiality expectations
goes beyond that of already
understanding or they understood in
reference to Student Records and files
to Simply Be quiet about inappropriate
activities seen or heard in and around
the office
once again placing walls and wedges
between the school district its
employees and the public
thank you
next up is Marilyn
that Mosley
Marilyn Mosley for the record
um on July 24th I became a naturalized
U.S citizen so for the first time I will
have a chance to vote
I have lived in the United States
I have lived in the United States for 30
years I've raised my children here they
graduated from this high school I was a
volunteer substitute teacher at this
campus and at the junior high
I've been to several board meetings and
different meetings throughout the
community and I wanted to focus my
message tonight to the the board members
and to all of us
how exciting it is to be a part of this
country and to have this chance to vote
and to have our voices known and heard
but the most important thing that we
need to remember is that we need to
respect one another and listen and hear
what each other are saying I've heard a
lot of
loud voices and a lot of upset people
and I understand we get very upset but
you know one thing that we can do is we
can listen to each other and we can
share our opinions and ideas and great
things can come out of all of us uniting
together and coming together with great
ideas and so I look forward to hearing
more of that as different ones speak
tonight
um one of the things I did want to
address that is on the agenda is about
the boiler system at the junior high and
one idea I did have and I have not heard
this mentioned was
um there is a system called a mini split
or a dual ductless system that can be
installed that does not require any kind
of duct work and it would have
thermostat controllers in the classrooms
with one unit or several depending on
the size of the building outside and if
the boiler system gets to the point of
expense and repair to where it doesn't
seem to be fixable I'm sorry your time
is up but thank you so I wanted
congratulations to the board to consider
but thank you thank you
[Applause]
next up is Maureen Patterson
Almighty father we praise and honor you
thank you for all the blessings you give
us please shine your light of Truth on
this meeting in Jesus Christ's name we
pray
can Elder the former facilities director
stated that it's not if the boiler blows
but when the boiler blows Monday at the
three seas meeting the question was what
would be your plan if the boiler blows I
did not hear a comprehensive answer that
covered a new heating system throughout
the whole building what about the safety
for the children what about the
liability for the school district is not
this important but all I heard was
rudeness disrespect loud shouting and
arrogance where's the concern for the
children if we're the school district
that Levy failed because there was no
transparency or accountability and the
performance of the students was so low
low listen to our 2022
audit report it appeared that many of
the district's funds in the underlying
general ledger accounts had not been
properly analyzed and adjusted for quite
some time if balances this it could be
an indication they are not receiving
accurate financial information
throughout the fiscal year
why is there not an outcry about this
our high school is in a comprehensive
support Improvement under performing
program we are in the bottom five
percent why is there not an outcry about
this
uh
Souls that needs an an outspoken spoken
critic of Communism said it's a
universal law and tolerance is the first
sign of an inadequate education and
ill-age educated person behaves with
arrogant and patience whereas truly
profound education breeds humility thank
you
thank you next up is Devin Fleck
hello Devin pluck for the record
um I had three questions for the board
tonight I sent all of you including you
Brandon Durst they email uh asking if
you would give me permission to move
forward with the pursuit of grants for
the junior high I know that you had
mentioned a few times you're actually
open to that idea we just don't have
anybody on the staff that could do so
and you're looking into maybe stopping
that position I would be happy to do
that free of charge for the district I
know there are other members as Haley
commented that would be happy to do that
as well let no charge and there's no
additional you know expenditure of our
budget which is already limited we've
looked into a few already that I listed
within the body of the email if you
haven't read it I really press that you
please do so and let me know in yay or
nay whether that's tonight if it can't
be tonight in ETA kind of on the timing
of that because I would like to get
started if I am giving an approval to do
so
and then as I cannot do so if you could
just give me a comprehensive list of
like what you feel might be a problem
for that so that I maybe can address
that in the future
thank you
[Applause]
next up is Joanie Francisco
you can't like see either way so I guess
I'll talk to the microphone
um I just want to come up here you know
there's some things in life that's
really hard to understand one like
jumping out of an airplane right you
probably can't know that sorry you
probably can't understand that unless
you actually do it I would say that's
the same as being a parent if you're not
you haven't been a parent you probably
cannot fully understand what it is to be
a parent if you haven't been the parent
of a 12 year old girl you probably also
can't understand that especially if you
were not a 12 year old girl yourself
so in that being said I just implore
that the board may be on this one topic
does take the parents input maybe higher
than people especially out of our
district to what we do moving forward
for this school year especially
these are our kids these are our kids
that also some people in the community
are referring to as being in a that are
part of a cesspool of the Junior High in
high school these are kids it hurts our
heart they're our kids
um and I'm not going to disagree there
needs to be changes at the junior high
I've worked here I know I understand and
I am a huge proponent of a free and
appropriate education for all not just
for some people to show up and be that's
Junior High needs work it needs Ada
compliancy
maybe there's talk of a new school maybe
there's talk of some other things being
happen but it doesn't have to happen
this minute it can have time to be
thought a well thought out plan that
doesn't waste any more of the taxpayer
money but also keeps everybody safe
and a sustainable plan
um I am like I ask everybody open your
hearts love on our students they need it
that's the foundation for confidence as
an adult is that love and that support
um and I understand the first priority
for a lot of people is running this
school like a business but I implore
that we keep the humanity for our kids
and our community and everybody involved
in that and it's it is about the money I
get it I understand financial
responsibility but we also are humans
and we have to keep that in
our community and in our students and in
that so just
um enjoy more time
uh I guess that's really I just want to
say that like we're not pumping out
sorry that's the time thank you there
[Applause]
next up is John Dupree
John Dupree for the record and I have to
tell you I'm happy to be a resident of
Bonner County
now as you can tell I'm a Navy brat
I was able to travel all over the world
and see all kinds of things
I happen to be born in California thanks
to the Navy don't hold it against me but
here's the thing
I grew up there and it was a nice place
when I was a kid and it's deteriorated
to garbage
out of all the places in the world to
move I chose to move and retire here
because I love the place the people were
friendly and this is America and I'm
happy to live in America now
please that's my two minutes here's the
thing though we have democracy at work
right here we have different people with
different ideas this group of people
right here were elected by the citizens
of the county because they wanted change
what was going on before was not
satisfactory and they elected this board
and they also rejected the levy because
they didn't like what was going on
change is the constant of the universe
whether we like it or not change will
occur now the point is what kind of
change what Solutions
you know insanity is doing the same
thing over and over again and expecting
a different result are we insane by
doing what we've been doing before well
maybe but here's the thing
I'm I like Ronald Reagan he said trust
but verify and so I've been hearing lots
of stuff and I had a friend that went to
the government Idaho government site and
gathered up information out of a report
card of high schools in North Idaho it's
not political it's not ideological it's
these are the numbers of what is going
on in high schools in North Idaho and my
friends it's embarrassing to see Priest
River School it's at the bottom of the
list now if you didn't get one of these
please grab one we brought it for you
sorry John sorry time thank you for the
opportunity I apologize thank you
[Applause]
next up is Kathy Nash
I wanted Kathy Nash for the record I
want to address the levy funds and the
revenue and expenditure detail report
from July 2018 to June
2023. I mentioned at the budget hearing
this last June the money budgeted for
the levy items are not being excuse me
Kathy I'm sorry it has to be something
that's on a special agent
I mean it's it's woven in there sorry
okay
um
if anyone wants to get with me after
this meeting I can show you the levy
portion of those reports to prove what I
said was accurate the things found in
these reports are alarming expenses
being put in Revenue accounts revenues
being added to expense accounts checks
made out to West Bonner County schools
which are then deposited into other
checking accounts showing up as Revenue
instead of transfers checks from those
alternate checking accounts not being
approved by the board nor has the
current board ever been made known the
accounts even existed expenses for
travel and hotels being put into
accounts like supplies and materials why
money coming out of the payroll module
made out to
wsbsd which is then deposited into those
alternative accounts for what use one of
the categories is for workman's comp but
there is another check being sent in
that same batch directly to the state to
cover the workman's comp why two checks
for the same thing journal entries being
made to move money from here to there
without any support Dean documents to
show why it's being done one at such
journal entry moved 9.5 K from the
boiler to the HVAC Levy account to zero
budget Levy account and a general
account which wasn't used at all for the
levy purpose it was budgeted for a
I just read that you're interrupting my
time
applying invoices to zero budget
accounts which has been common practice
with the previous business managers as
you can see by looking over these
reports sorry Kathy it's time brought
with me tonight I can care of all that I
said
next up is Desi Benedict
I am begging you to not bring the junior
high up to the high school
I understand that you have a fiscal
fiscal responsibility to this District
but I have a responsibility to my
children to keep them safe and out of
Harm's Way and I don't want my daughter
going into the high school with some
kids who can be 19 years of age now I
know that she will be joining the high
school next year but that is a whole
year away although it may may not seem
like much to some that is one year of
development and innocence that is needed
please as multiple multiple people have
asked at Monday's meeting slow down
let's devise a plan for if or when the
boiler breaks some people are concerned
about financial responsibility which I'm
not saying that I disagree with you on
that however when you are penny pinching
over the safety of my daughter and son I
cannot help but to feel you are not
putting our children first I do not
disagree with the fact that all
taxpayers should have a say or at least
know where your money is going that is
why we vote on levies you are getting
your forensic audit which I also stated
at the last meeting that I was for it is
extremely hypocritical of you to be
concerned about children pornography
gender ideology sexual misconduct Etc in
our schools but that you are okay with
placing 11 year olds in the same
building as 18 or 19 year olds you can
say that you will keep them separated
but I graduated from this high school
and there are plenty of ways around your
separation I can guarantee you that
please slow down think about the safety
of our children because first and
foremost that should be your number one
priority
thank you
next up is calling
I'm sorry cat
she heard
all right I'm Kelly Schmaltz for the
record
um I'm a wife I'm a mother
I'm a graduate with this school a
Spartan alumni
this makes me very emotional so excuse
me
I'm also a Christian a Republican and a
member of the NRA however I do not feel
that that is important in this world
that we're living in in this city in
this school district that should not
matter politics do not belong in our
school in regards to the agenda items
the discussion of the junior high was
made very clear at the superintendent
nurses three seats meeting the other
night which we appreciate you guys being
there and listening and holding that the
community discussed the junior high and
it was clear what the majority of the
community thinks is best your
responsibility as the board is to
respect what the majority of this
community thinks is best for our
children
the junior high might be a potential
disaster but what if it's not
we don't know until we go in and
evaluate the situation and get the
estimates
the majority of the community feels it
would make more sense to spend the money
on a current building it doesn't make
sense to spend extra money on leasing
Portables why not take care of what we
have why not take care of our history
why not be proud that we have a
beautiful beautiful historical building
in the center of our town and our public
school children get to attend there why
not be proud of that
I'm concerned that a few board members
and our superintendent have already made
up their minds about closing this junior
high school and in turn I am scared that
they have also already secretly decided
to sell or lease this facility
listen to the majority listen to your
community listen to your business owners
a majority of us are on the same page
keep the junior high school keep our
children in the junior high school keep
our Public Schools open keep our kids
playing sports and band if you want to
bring a charter school into Priest River
then great do so but do it off of our
public land so there's nothing private
schools Public Schools thank you
next up is Doug Patterson
Doug Patterson for the record
first I would like to agree that your
responsibility is safety of the children
and your staff
that's that's probably the primary thing
that needs consideration and your doings
um
given that there are staff recognized
dangers from the boiler at the junior
high school there is a likelihood that
there's potential for
um
legal action if
life and liability if the action isn't
taken in a timely fashion and
because the staff has told you there is
a problem there and boilers can go out
with a wet whisper or they can go out
with a big boom
and and that Big Boon possibility is a
definite
danger to your children and the staff
and so if you those that don't want you
to take action they really should
volunteer to share that liability thank
you
thank you
[Applause]
can I get a motion to close public
comment
make a motion to close public comment I
have a first from chair Hall can I get a
second I'll second then
I have a second from trustee Burton
public comments is now closed do you
want to vote
um
can I have a vote please on closing
all in favor aye
aye
public comments is closed
would you like me to make a motion to
bring potential thank you I'll make a
motion to bring the curriculum adoption
committee final appointment to the table
I'll second that
we have a first from trustee Hall and a
second from trustee Barton
trustee Barton would you like to talk
about that
we can yes so trustee um I'm sorry uh
Vice chair Brown and I also met today
excited on the committee we chose
six people from the school district
um employees Administration
and we also chose four community members
and four parents one from each of the
zones and one parent to represent each
one of the schools so we feel that it is
a definite
so we did notify those members today
that we would like to have on the
committee we've also found that Peggy
lutzenheiser will be the chair
any additional comments
for the record
can we list the people who they are for
the record please yes because I think I
think we have to approve it so we need
to sort of know who they are absolutely
thank you
all right we have and I'm probably not
going to say some of these last names
correctly but we have June Gregory
a gregoro brook Melbourne
Annie McMahon
Debbie Anderson
Lynn Parker
I think you're having people are having
trouble hearing you
let me just say that a little louder
okay June Gregor
Brooke Melbourne
Annie McMahon
Debbie Anderson
Lynn Parker
Rodrigo silveriera
do we say that right I'm not sure right
what's the last name again
um
so there what is it
Severa
so therea
I have the correct spelling if you'd
like it
Dell Hungerford
Ria Warren
Warren Warren
William Neal jinx
and of course then we have Susan and I
and that seems I seem to be missing some
who else was on our list
I feel like um
Daisy Brennan
sorry yeah
I thought I had the complete list I
apologize
looks like 14 plus
so that's right
that's correct so that that rounds
together all of our
committee and we will meet as soon as
Peggy lets him
and Mr Durst would you give us a little
context to what you're going to be doing
with this certainly uh
chair Brown and trustees just and for
the for those in public too so they know
um yesterday Peggy accepted the
curriculum director position and as part
of that responsibility she's the chair
all of our curriculum adoption committee
meetings and to kind of chart a course
for where those are going to go going
forward to have a have a systematic
schedule of review of all of our
curriculum over the course of the next
you know year or so however long it
takes to kind of go through all that
stuff to make sure that we have as
Things become up for for Renewal or for
replacement that we have a place for
that to happen
um and so she's going to do that and
then it's appropriate for her as the
curriculum director to be the person
who's who's Staffing that role on behalf
of the district to be able to provide a
report to myself and then to the board
for final conclusion so
thank you Mr nurse
can I get a vote from the board on this
you know excuse me can I get a motion
um I'll make a motion to approve the
curriculum committee as
trustee Barton identified them
I have a first from
trustee ha and a second from trustee
Reinbold
all in favor
aye aye
aye
motion carries we have a new curriculum
committee
can I get a motion to uh I'll make a
motion to bring 2023 2024 budget
Authority for this SRO to the table
um school resource officer okay sorry
Mr Durst would you go ahead and give us
some information please sure so as um as
you're all I need a second oh I'm sorry
yeah
and trustee Reinbold second
discussion uh Mr Madam chairman and uh
members of the board so as we were last
week the board approved the final
approval of our of our budget that we
submitted to the state while we expect a
revision of that budget and we will
definitely be revising that budget once
we have some more clarity around
revenues and different things one of the
things that we wanted to make sure that
we do just in light of the city's
budgeting process is to provide
budgetary Authority for the SRO and
they've asked us to be able to have that
in in minutes so they can refer back to
it for their own purposes and so to the
extent that the board uh it feels it's
appropriate to have an SRO here at the
high school this budgeting Authority
would allow me to sign the contract with
us in the city to be able to provide
that funding
okay and clarification for that that is
for the high school and he also is
Junior yes
to have it in office here and then to be
be able to correct okay
I'll make a motion to approve that that
was supposed to be that was the intent
in the budget was to to include that SRO
and approve that contract
and I'll second that
I have a first from trustee Hall and a
second from trustee Burton
all those in favor
aye
motion pass
[Applause]
can I get a motion to
accept or discuss the consent agenda
I will make a motion to
um
I guess approve the consent agenda but
have some questions
I have a first from trustee Holland a
second from trustee reinbolt
okay I do have some clarifications I I
would like to know I guess I didn't
bring this up before but I see Ryan
Carruthers who's the operations director
but as we understand that operations
director is supposed to be both
facilities and transportation correct so
I'm starting to see a very long list for
him for
um head athletic director and head
soccer coach and we've seen burnout of
people before so I'm a little concerned
that he is taking on these other
editions and then that's my first kind
of question and then I do have a
question regarding the other hiries um
are there any
alternative authorizations and then I I
believe a little bit more clarification
of Courtney McKnight and her
certification because of concerned about
the sped money yeah some Madam chairman
if I if I made the dress trustee Hall's
questions
um yes please so Ryan's position is
operations directors you already
correctly identified trustee Hall is a
combination of the operation structure
position is a combination between
facilities and transportation
it was It was decided for efficiency
standpoint to split the position with
the High School athletic director and
split the stipend in half and give half
the responsibility to one employee and
the other half to another so as to make
that so it wasn't quite as an arduous
position and it wasn't so time consuming
in that way and the district's not
paying anything extra for that it's just
allowing two people to do it I from the
philosophy of many hands make light work
and allowing us to be able to leverage
that and as far as the head coach
position is concerned you know it's the
soccer season's pretty short and and
it's it's
I trust that he's coming out of a
private sector experience where he's
used to working
a lot of hours and so in the near term
he'll he'll be doing that but I think
he'll be able to manage it well and he's
and he's aware of the time constraints
that are going to be related to that in
the near term at least but given that we
have um Mr zepeda taking on the high
school part of that and then we've got
Angie Goins who's doing the junior high
component of the athletic position
that'll allow them to be able to carry
some of the load and then have him be
able to provide some expertise as well
because him and his background we
thought it'd be useful to take advantage
of his of his experience
I guess my only comment would be is that
priority needs to be the operations
director yes and I think he understands
that
and then the other
the other has alternative authorization
of any of these and then in regards to
Courtney McKnight and the sped her her
Idaho credentials or overall credentials
so at this point uh Madam chairman and
trustee Hall and others members of the
board there are no alternate routes that
I'm aware of at this point when I spoke
to Mrs Parker this morning she says you
only have one oh maybe no no correction
Jordan munar is on this lesson in that
Jordan does have an alternate route but
Mrs Parker is quite comfortable with
Jordan's ability to complete those jobs
so we'll get in the alternate route for
Jordan and I don't know if Jordan's a
male or female so I don't want to use
the is the guy okay I wasn't sure
because nowadays that can be a either
way and I yeah so anyway so that's
that's that and then as far as Dr
McKnight's concern she does have all the
we have them before we went through we
made sure that everybody that that was a
finalist in that process was capable of
receiving a full sped director or a sped
certificate for this from the state of
Idaho and so we double checked that
process us before we continue with any
of the applicants and she's got a PhD in
special ed and she's been working in
that role before us and based off my
conversations with the state she
shouldn't have any problems whatsoever
transferring her current certificate
from Texas to up to Idaho and just to
kind of address the question if you
don't dressy Bart if you just one sec uh
I would also add that there were some
questions from the board about what how
she's going to be serving in that
capacity I thought that might be where
you're going
um so we tried to hire somebody local
here we waited for a month and we didn't
have any applicants at all and given the
legal responsibility that we have to be
able to have somebody who's highly
qualified in that role we then expanded
it to become a hybrid remote position so
Dr McKnight will be on campus at least
once per
um per quarter for a week she will also
commit if there's any emergencies she'll
be on the next plane here she will be
able to we've let her know that in the
first semester she'll be here a couple
times to provide support and really that
was the best we could do to be able to
find somebody who is highly qualified
because I could not start the school
year without that position being filled
and so that was the approach that we had
to take to be able to make sure that we
had somebody who could provide the
services and provide the support to our
staff
[Applause]
any other questions
I guess you'll be also monitoring how
this works in terms of hybrid and how
this works into supporting our local
staff yeah and that's and that's part of
the key is we we were we were kind of
backed into a corner of this we're not
the only part of the state who's
struggling with this issue and so we try
to be creative and
um that's one of the reasons that we
require the person to be able to be here
quickly and make sure that uh we would
be able to fly them as fast as possible
if there was an emergency and that's not
going to um jeopardize our federal
correcting in any way we've looked into
that too yes
um superintendent Durst I'd like to
review that contract that you have with
her sure thank you
I think the only other statement or is
that there are resignations and I do
want to acknowledge those people who
have been working in this district and
thank them for their services
move on to new business do you want a
motion to approve the consent agenda
I'll make a motion to approve the I mean
I made it probably need a pose right
yeah
executive okay we have a first from
trustee Hall and a second from toasty
reinbolt all in favor
bye
do we hear you Keith
moving on to new business can I get a
motion to
I'll make a motion to bring policy
change 5900 first aid training to the
table
Mr Durst did you want to talk about it
can I have we have a first from trustee
Hall in a second from trustee Reinbold
Madam chair and board I just uh for
reference on the background behind this
issue
um
and it has come to my attention that uh
the current board policy 59 header which
is in your packet
precludes the use of an online training
course for first aid CPR and while I
agree that in-person training is
preferred the reality is the district
regularly is not able to find
um trainers in a timely manner to to
fulfill that role now I did I did reach
out to some folks I actually finally
heard from somebody last night
um that could do that but it was also
brought to my attention from our Junior
High School ad and also uh Mr George
that they've been doing it this way
anyway for many years that they just use
an online training program and that is
what they're accustomed to and they were
surprised when I told them that was not
actually permitted by the board and so
to the extent that we can align
board policy with current practice it
may behoove us to do that especially
considering the fact that those online
training programs especially if we use
like an American Red Cross program is
half or more than or less the cost than
having to bring somebody into the
district and provide that training each
time that we need it so to the extent
the board is willing to approve a
one-word strike through that would be
um putting us in alignment with our
current practice already
step question
um I'm assuming since we've been doing
it for a while at IHS AAA is compliant
with whatever they are requiring Madam
chairman trustee Hall I called their
office earlier this week to ask that
very question they said we don't care
how you do it it's up to your board okay
all right then the other thing about
this is I would do what we've done
before because you need this in a timely
manner
um
is I would
um say that this is the we're making I
don't know if this is the first read
under the emergency according we're
making an emergency approval according
to policy 1300 doing an emergency read
and we'll have to bring it back for a
second
Madam chairman trustee Hall that was the
intention of bringing it here so we
could bring it back to the regular
meeting next week
I would make a motion to approve the
policy change and make it according to
policy 1300 and that we'll have to bring
it back for a second read but this is
we'll still go further through the first
and second read
they have a first from trustee Hall and
a second from trustee burton all those
in favor
bye bye
okay this motion passes
all righty
can I get a motion to bring to the table
for discussion the updating of financial
institution signatures
I'll make a motion to bring to the table
the updating financial institute
signatures
I have a first from trustee Burton can I
get a second I'll second I have a second
from trustee Hall Kendra would you
please walk us through this
for the record Kendra saleski
in my preparation uh preparing
documentation for the audit it has been
brought to my attention as of Monday
that we do not have a current signer or
a person of authority on our Wells Fargo
accounts
um
so at this time I'm requesting the board
to vote
to add a person of authority slash
assigner onto the Wells Fargo accounts
so that we can conduct business
um for this audit they are requesting
clean readable statements they have no
marks
on them and so to do that I need to have
statements sent directly from the bank
also they prefer that because of just
they're nice and clean that also saves
US money as a district because they're
able to upload those directly to their
systems and take off the information
they need to do the audit so that saves
US money in that process also
and just for clarification if I could uh
just for the board and Kendra Maybe
unaware so this first action item that
you just brought to the table is related
to adding Kendra's a signatory on our
Umpqua account as the payroll person for
the district she needs to be able to do
that
um so that's that's what this one is
she's addressing numbers uh 7e and 7f or
what she's what she's speaking to right
now
so just clarification on this particular
one
um updating financial institutions
signatories
um who it would just be Kendra or is
there anyone else I'm mine I am on it
and so is the chair okay um but just
given the given Kendra's role as a
payroll clerk it would be helpful to be
have so she can communicate with the
back and bank and be able to do that and
they require us to have meeting minutes
where that's approved so we have that's
why we're doing it this way and really
being delivered and explicit so we you
would like to approve her as the extra
okay yes so
I will make a motion to add Kendra
soleski to the um Club Bank as a
signatory is that correct and I will
second that
I have a first from trustee Hall in a
second from trustee Burton
can I take a vote
I
motion passes
can we get a motion for consideration of
resolution of for entry into Cooperative
service agreement
I'll make a motion to bring to the table
the consideration of resolution for
entry into Cooperative service agreement
I'll second that I have a first from
trustee Hall in a second from trustee
Brown
sorry
Barton
Mr Durst would you like to take us
through this sure I'm going to pinch hit
on this next two for um Terry Johnson
from Food Services so we have a couple
of Cooperative service agreements that
the district enters into with other
districts to procure food and milk and
those just are bulk purchasing and
things like that so we can all work
together to keep our costs down this is
the first of the two of them you'll see
on the resolution the third paragraph
just as the North Idaho region one Co-op
for Food Services is formed and we agree
to be a part of that so that we can
participate in that program which all
the other surrounding districts do this
is more of a perfunctory type of
resolution but it's something that we
have to have done officially documented
so that we can participate
and we've done it in the past the only
thing I would hate to say at every
request is that salute resolution be
spelled correctly at the top of the page
that's fair
and the date be changed
a date change so I would maybe correct
with those Corrections would be helpful
and those would be considered Scribner
scrivener errors so we can address those
just in
I'll make a motion to approve this
Cooperative service agreement it's not
we've done this in the past now I'll
second that
I have a first from trustee Hall and a
second from trustee Burton
can I have a vote please all in favor
bye
hi
Mr Joseph you can explain
I need to get a motion to consideration
a resolution for the entry into the milk
Cooperative agreement
I'll make a motion to enter in
consideration of the resolution for the
entry into milk Cooperative agreement
I have a first from trustee Barton can I
get a second
I'll second you have a second from
trustee Hall
Mr Durst can you explain this to us sure
this is similar to just the one prior
just this happens to be with milk Coeur
D'alene School District is the uh the
Fiscal Agent for this cooperative and
they've just asked that all of the
participating school districts pass a
similar resolution that you know
clarifies it that we're voluntarily
participating in this and that we
doing that for the next school year
any questions
so I'll make a motion to approve our
entry into the milk Cooperative
agreement
I have the first from trustee Hall can I
get a second
I have a second from trustee rainbow all
those in agreement say aye
aye
aye it passes
can I get a motion to for the naming of
the new key executor with control of
business
I'll make a motion to bring to the table
the naming the new key executor with
control of business
I have a first from trustee Hall can I
get a second I'll second that I have a
second from trustee Barton
and Kendra so with finding that out on
Monday I contacted the bank
find out what we needed to do
um Keith went up to Wells Fargo and took
in documentation through our minutes and
agendas showing him as a current signer
on our accounts
um basically you have to get into the
bank to be able to talk to anybody so at
that point they sent their paperwork
down to legal legal comes back and tells
us because the accounts were closed they
have to build us basically a new profile
and update it to today's codes for
banking inside of Wells Fargo the prior
accounts were open so far ago that
they didn't have to have some of the
documentation they do today
so with that
we have to appoint somebody to be a key
executor and that's a
executive that's a word that Wells Fargo
uses basically it is a person who has
authority to manage through financial
Accounts at that Institution
so I would ask that we appoint Mr Durst
to do that
and then that way
that gets us part of it
um because we have to have the person of
authority to be able to come in and act
as on behalf of our business to
request statements or do anything else
part two on that would be that he can
appoint two of us inside of the office
because the only thing we have with them
at this time is the credit cards so that
we can manage those accounts if we have
any questions on charges or fraud at
this point we do not have anybody in the
district that can legally
manage any of that
so who would be the two people
I would request that it's the two people
in finance it would be myself and Mrs
Riley
it's Melinda right Melissa Melissa and
is there
um
so that what we're pointing at this
would be for Wells Fargo versus this
would be for Wells Fargo for
these positions and there's no does this
have to be renewed every year or is
there any kind of renewal no the only
time that you would want to go in to
renew it is if we had a changing of
somebody who would be considered our uh
any of the Staffing or our key executive
so it would be just like we would do any
other financial institution if we have
changes this would be added to the
things that need to be changed
so like in January when we change or
chairs and things of that nature yes we
would want to make sure that this is on
our minutes and our agenda at that time
to make the changes there
so right now Mr Durst is on is do we
need to make three people do we need to
appoint three people yes please okay so
I'll make a motion
for naming the following three people as
I guess key executors with control of
business at Wells Fargo
um Brandon Durst Kendra soleski and
Melissa Riley
and I'll second that
I have a first and a second from trustee
Hall and from trustee Burton
we have a vote those in favor
aye
can I get a motion to have consideration
for approval of a secretary of state
filing
I'll make a motion to bring to the table
the approval for Secretary of State
filing I have a first from trustee
Burton can I get a second
I'll second I have a second from trustee
Hall
so again this retain pertains to Wells
Fargo so because we're building a brand
new profile with them
because of the accounts the checking
accounts being closed in the past they
have to build us a brand new profile
bring it up to today's standards so at
that time
we have to prove we are a business that
we say we are so by doing that we file
with the state of Idaho on their
Secretary of website at that that's
where we would list our key executives
uh people in control of the business and
that would be something that would be
changed also at the same time any other
financial institutions would be changed
but this just proves to the bank we are
who we say we are so that we can
go on with business
so clarification on this filing is it
listed the
trustees as well as the superintendent
as I mean for a non-profit you have to
do trustees so I'm just wondering if
it's the same you're doing trustees or
and who else are you including
it would be at this point all the
trustees and then we would want to make
sure that we have our because the bank
is going to be looking at that also for
that verbiage that that's our key
executor to for that or executive
so six people
yes
so we'll make a motion to approve the
Secretary of State filing as needed
thank you
I have a first from trustee Hall can I
get a second
I have a second from trustee Reinbold
all those in favor
bye
hi
can they get a motion for consideration
of approval of the bus routes
I'll make a motion for consideration
approval of the bus routes I'll second
that
I reverse from trustee Hall and a second
from trustee rhymebo
I have a bit of a question on this one
address oh great okay because I'm
missing a map I'm missing the maps which
are crazy but there are no Maps there
yes we don't have the
have them for the record transportation
department
and we are presenting route area
coverage and safety busing and turning
turn the rounds for the bus can for the
board to considerations and approvals
do you have any questions yes
the ones that were open last year will
be open this year we have 12.
and then at a future at the regular
meeting for August you'll present to us
the regular bus um
a safety we usually get a bus
um
what is it uh
conduct on the buses
um is that going to come before us in on
August we usually if you look at a at
our former I think last August meeting
there's actually also presented the
disciplinary actions when people are
riding the bus
and that will come and are will you be
putting together the maps that are will
be able to see the maps at a future
meeting you just need this right now is
what I'm understanding okay
I just want to make sure I understand so
then the handbook will be next week at
our August meeting okay thank you it's
actually the 16th don't rush us yes
sorry
I think wait a minute is next week the
16th
that's all right time's been flying to
get rid of at least one you know three
meetings a week so sorry my mistake it's
fresh one more
I do have a question what is the longest
bus route we have
aren't the ones down to coca-lala along
and the Laker long too right yes longer
for the students coming the junior high
high school kids is longer from that way
and then Coco law was the other yes and
that coca Lala but the South well no the
south east corner of our district isn't
that a pretty long one down in the Bay
Area in south from there that's why I
take it down to kokalala because it's
almost cocoa it's it's about 60 Minutes
that one is too yes yeah that one's that
was Kim so she's about
she's about 60 minutes
all right I will make a motion to
approve the bus routes as presented I'll
second that I have a first from trustee
Holland a second from trustee Barton
all those in favor
aye
I thank you extensive work
and I'll make a motion to bring to the
table the Priest River Junior High
discussion no action to be taken I'll
second that I have a first from trustee
Hall and a second from trustee Barton
um
I I did do a couple some research after
last Monday's meeting and I thanked Mr
Durst and the people the public who
attended just to listen I was
I mean I think sometimes we're going in
circles a little bit but I appreciate
all the comments and I take them to
heart one thing I want to point out to
people
I did go digging I have it in my own
file but I should see if it I'm pretty
sure it's on the board book July 3rd
2019 I will bring your attention to a
work session that was held and it was
dealing with the full facilities
improvements and in that it's extensive
it's 72 pages
but in one of the things that is broken
down there is a ROM cost
um that they broke down and it is I kept
I was thinking actually my mistake I was
thinking that the junior high was 16
million plus
it actually is all the projects that
they looked at in 2019 and when I looked
at the junior high I just want to bring
this to your attention
um some of the things on there had to do
with door upgrades I think we've done it
we've done let LED lighting upgrades we
have done I think believe intercom
systems upgrades so even there are some
things in the elementary school the high
school Idaho Hill and Priest Lake Priest
Lake nope I don't think we've done the
roofing upgrades Idaho Hill I don't
think we've done the roofing upgrade but
at Priest River Elementary I believe we
may have done some HVAC systems upgrade
so it is and it's itemized so when I
um so that's the big picture and it's
there for people to look at it's broken
down there's also on there
some Energy savings summary and some of
those total annual savings based on the
energy performances I think we should
take those into consideration
also I want to let people know I did
reach out to Ken Eldor the other day and
had a conversation with him because I
was going to say I know he was very
concerned about the boiler last year he
spent a lot of time there and I said
what's the thing on what's the skinny on
the boiler
and he said that
he feels that it will be good for this
year
but he what he's suggesting is that an
the annual maintenance the recharge of
all the systems not just the boiler at
the junior high be done and then he
feels that there's probably going to be
needing some maintenance along the way
but because of the extensive maintenance
or repair that was done last year we
bought a little time
and so saying that and looking at all of
this I'm sort of also putting forth
because of my background is as a board
trustee if it's possible I'd be willing
to help on a kit a
campaign or Capital campaign drive to
help figure out
how to pay for some of these things and
I know that there's big grants out there
but the way I've Done big development
projects before is you do a basket of
funding you look at Grants you look at
potentially we look at a facilities Levy
we look at this list prioritize this
list and see what we connection to I
mean one of the things that Kate jumped
out was
you know there's the historical uh is
the auditorium an upgrade of the
auditorium maybe that's a capital
campaign maybe that's we get behind but
I think it needs to possibly be and I
know it's not an action item but we look
at we did give we had approved Ken to
start a advisory committee for the
junior high and so that could go forth
but maybe there's also simultaneously a
capital
um a capital campaign
Capital campaign that starts thinking
about what might be feasible I mean we
don't want to do anything until we sort
of put the pieces together but that's
kind of what I'm looking at listening to
the community and having listened to
them over the years I think people want
to
keep the junior high
and but we need to we can't kick the can
down the road anymore
and we have to come up with a plan and a
strategic plan and maybe it's again my
favorite word in phases to figure out
what's doable and triage it
so that's my two cents on it
maybe form a committee that would
consist of the current facilities
committee
which I'm on that and so is Keith yeah
um but also I'd like to have a couple
community members
from each Zone
so that every zone is equally
represented
and and no Zone has more representation
than the other
just so that it's fair and we get people
from all over the district talking about
it that know about it because I've been
through the facilities I know
most of that you're reading
but the people out here don't and we
talk about stuff
in here Mike oh sorry
this is great that's all good he's doing
yeah
laughs
no Troy just stated that each he wanted
to have a committee that represented
each Zone each school on his committee
so that it's a well-balanced okay what I
would add to that is try to get experts
but not only the operations director
that's why I looked at that list and
went that's a long list for the
operations but on the flip side there
may be the facility side but we also
need to look at the capital campaign
side and say okay what grants are
available what types of funding that's
why I was thinking that they were trying
to work together right but we can't have
a court we can't all three be you know
or all whatever we have to you can do
whatever we want
we would have so more than one committee
to do it which is true we could do it
whatever we wanted
not because we can't make any decisions
tonight but looking at potentially doing
the facilities but maybe looking at do
we set up sort of a capital campaign to
look seriously at our options which
means grants bonds facilities levies
Etc what are options historic I don't
think it works for a historic tax
credits that's Equity financing but I
don't think we'll fall for it but there
is one of the big ones is um and I've
come across it with work and I know that
um it that it was identified we might
want to act really quickly on some of
this because I mean not quickly but we
might want to start putting some stuff
together because there is some money out
there that we might want to consider but
if it has to do with the historical do
we come in because we were part of that
historical thing we removed it because
that limited is so much on what we could
do
like our Windows had to be
okay sorry sorry I just you're
passionate about it I'm just going to
shut up
when we were part of that historical
thing before it limits what we can do
because like your windows have to
they they have to be identical I mean
they could be upgraded but their
appearance has to be identical as to
what's in there and it it considerably
ran up the cost of some of the repairs
that we needed to do
so I don't know that doesn't mean we
don't qualify for someone I'm just
bringing up that point can we summarize
that for the audience Troy
so he's saying that because it's a
historical society we have to make sure
that everything matches the windows
match in which drastically ran up the
price
for budget and so we need to take that
into consideration and actually I got a
little bit of information on update of
that there's a gentleman named Dan
Everhart down in Boise and we we found
out that the school was actually put on
the National Registry uh in 1995 however
it's not part of shippo and so per this
gentleman not only can we get grants and
he's available to talk to any of us he
said you know just leave a message he'll
call you back in 48 hours but that we do
not we're not limited to because we have
the single pane metal windows with crank
we don't have to replace them with that
we can actually put in energy efficient
dual pane windows which it's
significantly going to cut down on our
electricity costs and heating costs but
that it's just a better safety piece all
the way around for the students because
that single pane glass of hip race
that's not good so he was just a wealth
of knowledge and he said he's available
anytime if we end up putting these
committees together and the thing is
that we address how to deal with those
windows that was I mean I think when you
look at this facility thing and the only
thing I would look at is I I know it
it may seem like a big ticket item but
it seems like it could get the community
in wrapped around it it could be
exciting for the community but I would
look at it I wouldn't stop I wouldn't
nickel and dime the need what's needed
because there's Energy Efficiency and
there's and we got energy performances
and granted the costs are going to go up
and the other thing I know people don't
want to think about this what was not
included then that number is that we're
not going to be able to do the change
Renovations overnight and we will have
to seriously look at the time frame and
what do we where are this where are the
seventh and 8th graders where does the
junior high go during some of if we
really get to where we're hoping to go
where are those students are comfortable
so we have a bit of a longer discussion
that we can have but we're going to have
if we go for it we're going to have to
also think about that piece oh
absolutely because I think everyone
would agree that we can't have students
in the school when it's actually being
renovated for a multitude of issues I
mean it's got to be properly abated and
there's there's things that are going to
have to take place but we do have time
hopefully to figure out a good plan on
how to keep those kids in school but in
a safe location
and I think we all should definitely
look into a levy a facilities Levy in
addition to a bond and that will cover
most of our financial burden of the
budget that's going to be coming down
so I mean I think you know Ken did a
good job of clipping off on some of
those costs so which is really great I
mean I hadn't hate to say it I hadn't
Revisited it up but some of those things
have been on the list and I think he was
going to try to do a couple more with
the Esser money this year
I think there was stuff from some of
that Levy money that was already spoken
for earmarked for it yeah
should definitely look into that
but I think that
per my zone at least I feel like we
should maybe re
just
put this aside for the moment we look at
it maybe in a month
and look into facilities Levy or a bond
and then readdress the movement or merge
maybe in the spring so that we can
incorporate the summer
so that if we do have to move the junior
high up to the high school that it's
planned
and it is approved
by the con by the community
and my feeling is this is not going to
happen overnight it's going to take
probably a year and a half to two years
to get us to where we
oh do we have a do we have a Aladdin's
lamp somewhere
um I would love it um who's who's
putting money into the lottery
um we won that
I know
but no seriously I think we need to come
up with a time frame what it would look
like what we could chip off and then the
question is I know Mr Durst that you had
said that
um you know we're concerned about how
much money we could get for the
facilities Levy of what you know because
that's 55 but we have because of the
lake lease Lots we have one of the
highest taxable value value of
properties and so we make surprise
ourselves about what our bottom line is
for its facilities Levy so be
interesting to see because if we didn't
have to do a bond we might you know it'd
be nice to use Bond as the At Last
Resort if we had to
as a matter sure if I if I if I might
just really briefly appreciate that
conversation I appreciate the direction
from the board uh and I want I just want
to make sure that I State publicly how
much I appreciate everyone's engagement
on Monday night
um and and to be clear that we were here
to listen and we heard you and we're
acting accordingly and and that was that
was the intent of that conversation was
to solicit feedback and we did so in a
good faith
Manner and wanted to be responsive to
what our community was looking for but
also to recognize that as trustee Hall
said we can't keep kicking the count
down the road we need to have a solution
made we need to start bringing this
together so as a community we can get
around it get behind an idea and get
something done for the benefit of our
students and and not just the current
students that we have now but the
students that are going to come
afterwards so I appreciate everyone's
participation I have trust appreciate
the leadership of the board as well
any other comments on this
um since there's no more comments on
this can I address the Lord okay so
previously I would like to make an
amendment to the old business action
item curriculum adoption committee final
appointment we
fail to include Lindsay and I don't have
her last name Lindsay um
that's the paper I knew that we were
missing one so I'd like to make that
Amendment and to go on record that
Lindsay is
part of this group and we will contact
her thank you for that
and Mr Durst I really want to thank you
for Monday
please remember I'm brand new at this I
need a motion please to add Lindsay to
our list for the curriculum committee
I'll make a motion to approve
I'll make a I'll make a motion to um
essay Essence okay I will make a motion
to include Lindsay sauce to the
curriculum committee
did I still do it wrong yes
I have a first can I have a second
I have a first hand a second can we have
a vote
all those in favor hi
okay you're added Lindsay you didn't get
out of it
um Mr durson really want to thank you
for Monday because that was a very long
meeting and
um I know that this is a it's a
passionate thing for a lot of people for
a lot of different reasons
and
I wish we could have talked to each
other a little bit better that night but
I think that hopefully with the blue
questionnaires that we put out so that
we could get some good feedback that
it's something that the board can look
at and take that into consideration
moving forward if you haven't already
brought them forward we'll collect them
when you leave it's fine
but we wanted to thank you for for
participating in that as well
and there was a gentleman there on
Monday night that asked a question and
in all honesty I think it was the only
one I heard
initially that was uninterrupted and I
just wanted to let that gentleman know I
don't know if he's here or not but
he had asked a question about
um were there funds put aside for these
boiler repairs you know earlier on in
the history of the school also to speak
and I've been looking into it a lot of
people have talked about it tonight
whether up at the podium or here because
Margaret had an awful lot of information
and I'd been trying to pull that report
because I remember talking with Ken
about it
um and just to answer your question sir
whether you're here or you're listening
over the Internet
um yes there were monies earmarked over
time for the boilers
if all of those funds came in and were
utilized or not at this point I honestly
can't answer that question but there
definitely has been money over the years
set aside for the boiler repair and or
replacement of
so
um
I personally want to thank you all for
being kind to me on my first time doing
this and
um I think that
this is a good way for us to do business
back here where we can talk
I found it to be beneficial tonight so
can I get a motion to adjourn I'll make
a motion to adjourn I'll second that
thank you
so dude I will see
um